The High Pay Centre has recently __revealed that__ bosses __of the__ FTSE 100 companies earn __on average__ no __less than__ 130 times  ( !) as much __as the average__ employee __in their own__ company, with some earning as much as 800 times average salary  (this means they earn __in a_single__ day __twice as__ much __as the average__ employee earns __in a__ year!). Such figures are shocking and offensive. Many people are paid such low salaries that they struggle __to pay__ __for the__ necessities __of life__ , yet their work may be much more valuable to society than __the work__ that highly overpaid people do – consider carers __for the__ elderly, social workers, teachers, nurses, firefighters, etc. compared to people who trade imaginary securities and speculative investments that have little if any value to society. To any right thinking person, __this type of__ inequality has to be entirely unacceptable. At root, the causes of this situation is that __in a__ capitalist system, work is not measured by how beautiful, useful, noble or helpful it is, but simply __in terms of a_power__ game of how much those with power and wealth are able to exploit those without. In this sense, __the solution__ is to abolish capitalism __as the system that__ determines wealth distribution. But even before than happens, __there are__ __a lot of__ things that can be done __to eliminate__ __the worst__ excesses. Taxation __is often__ used to correct excesses and redistribute wealth for a fairer society. While the rich and powerful seem to be getting away with special deals, tax avoidance and legal loopholes, this must be stopped and a fair tax regime must be established which truly redistributes wealth. Another possibility is __to introduce__ legislation to directly target pay inequality. This can partly be done by introducing a legally binding living wage  (not __a minimum__ wage which simply re- labelled as  'living wage '). Further, legally permissible maximum income multiples between __the lowest__ and highest paid employee __in a__ company should be introduced. For example, it could be legislated that __the highest__ paid person __in a__ company cannot earn __more than__ 10 times the salary __of the lowest__ paid person. This way, if a company or organisation want to reward their bosses with __very high__ salaries, they will also have to adjust salaries __at the bottom__ __of the__ pay scale. Further, attempts to weaken trade unions must be stopped. All of this will help improve __the current__ situation which is offensive to anyone who has even the slightest __sense of__ decency. It seems __to me__ that there is __some of each__ . Some __types of__ advertising are __of course__ useful because if no- one knows about a product or service, no- one can benefit from it. So advertising is not altogether a bad thing. There are however serious problems when advertising encourages consumerism  (i.e. buying things that one clearly __does not__ need and possibly cannot afford). This is most clearly visible __in the__ advertising of harmful substances. Tobacco advertising is now largely banned __around the world__ , but it serves __as an__ example for advertising that sought to persuade people __to buy__ things they did not need and things that would harm them and __in many__ cases even kill them. A similar case is advertising __for food__ that is bad for people, like sugary fizzy drinks or fast food. All these __types of__ advertising are so clearly wrong that they should be banned. It goes without __saying that__ advertising that is misleading or provides inaccurate information cannot be useful in improving people's lives. Sadly most advertising is of this type, though it __is often__ __a matter of__ judgement as to whether something is misleading. A strong advertising standards agency can prevent factual lies from being included in advertising, but it is much __more difficult__ __to prevent__ more subtle lies __such as the__ lie that if one buys __a certain__ product, one becomes __a better__ person. Or even worse, if one __does not__ own __a certain__ product, one is lacking something vital or __is actually__ an inferior person. These __types of__ lies are difficult to regulate, but their __effect on__ people's well- being can be profound. They can stop people being content with their lives, creating in them cravings __for various__ products or services. Sadly most advertising is of this type and therefor most advertising __does not__ improve our lives, but rather __the opposite__ . I think __there are__ threats to certain __types of__ jobs __because of__ advances in technology and especially IT, but not to other __types of__ jobs. This is because certain jobs become less laborious __with the use of__ technology and therefore fewer people are __required for__ doing __the same__ __amount of__ work. At __the same time__ , however, technological development requires people as well – there need to be engineers, software engineers, scientists, all manner of specialists and highly skilled people __to develop__ technology and implement technological solutions. It __is therefore__ __not necessarily__ __the case__ that overall, jobs will be lost, but some jobs might be lost and others created. The keys to a transition without job losses are __the following__ in my view: first, education and training has to be offered __at no__ cost or __very low__ cost to everyone and help must be __available for__ anyone who wishes to transition into __a different__ job that requires different skills, training and education. This __is the__ way __to ensure that__ those whose jobs are potentially threatened are not left behind, but can move into those areas where jobs are created. Naturally, there may be cases where it is difficult for people to make the transition and in those cases general support must be provided. Where transition is not feasible, __the solution__ may be __to spread__ work more widely such that __while there__ may be less work to do, __the same__ __number of__ people are doing this work, giving people more free time and stimulating __the economy__ . Certainly, society at large, including businesses, need to take __responsibility for the__ well- being of everyone, __rather than__ saying to some people that __they are no longer__ wanted and should go away. Second, it __is important__ that the skills __of the future__ are cultivated locally. If technology has to be bought in from abroad or __a large number of__ highly skilled workers have to be imported, this can lead to problems if the jobs __of the future__ are created __in other countries__ or __it is not__ possible for local people to transition into those jobs.
